The rose is finally here
Sorry for being late.
Qian Wei
Why are you squeezed next to a poor guy?
Poor ghost, who do you say is poor ghost?
Who else could it be?
Success
I'm telling you, stay away from people like that.
Be careful of any bad luck
I'm afraid that's impossible.
I talk to him every day
Inseparable together
You say yes dear
What? You are the daughter of Longtai Group
How could it be his girlfriend?
Get out of here!
He's his girlfriend.
Yes, yes, do you see him as pitiful?
Help him act
Pity me, the poor person is you
I'm sorry to tell you.
Have you heard of the recently famous Yuncheng God of Gamblers?
You mean you earned it in that day?
300 million investment god
He is the mastermind behind the Hang Seng Group
The ship in Yuncheng left, and he was
Look.
He is my master
Follow him and I make millions a day
Annual revenue of over 100 million
It wasn't a dream.
What are you laughing at?